Christmas Present A
rubric:
The instruction has two parts. First, to bring the photo into focus. We infer that the object of the focus should be the women, particularly their faces. This will require adding pixels in the form of new detail in the image. Second, the user asked for the photo to be "cleared up", which is vague but implies a general restoration to as good a quality as possible. They specified that it will be a gift for the two women in the photo, from which we infer that restoring the women's faces is particularly important. Our rubric is:
1) For bringing the image into focus:
a) Are the women's faces in focus?
b) Are the women's clothes in focus?
2) For clearing up the photograph:
a) Is the sepia tint removed?
b) Is proper color restored?
c) Is the black dot on the shorter woman's face removed?
d) Are the two dots on the shorter woman's clothes removed?
e) Is the faint white line above the shorter woman's left arm removed?
f) Are the two small white spots in the tree above and to the right of the taller woman's head removed?
g) Is the subtle layer of white grain over the entire photo removed?

IF:
The instructions required some interpretation and extrapolation and the many edits that weren't explicitly called for all support the intent of the instructions. The first part of the instructions, to bring the image into focus, particularly the women, was followed accurately. The women's faces are much sharper. The women's clothes are much, much more clear. Detail on the women's hair, faces, and clothes was invented to accomplish this. The second part of the instructions, to "clear up" the photo, required a handful of edits to eliminate various flaws, all of which are eliminated or reduced. The sepia tint is removed and color was beautifully restored. The black spot on the shorter woman's face is gone. The remaining spots on the photograph, though still present, are visibly reduced. The subtle layer of white grain over the entire photo is gone. The faint white line above the shorter woman's left arm is gone. The instructions were followed completely, and none of the edits conflict with the instructions.

IC:
The completion is largely consistent with the original. The women's hair and faces had many details invented, including individual strands of hair, reflections on hair, detail around eyes, nose, cheeks, and mouth. The shorter woman's shirt has many new details, including wrinkles on her neck, and a seam on her left shoulder, all of which maintain an improved but consistent look with the original. The  skirt's flower pattern is embellished where it makes sense, and the folds on the bottom have extra pixels to make the flower pattern and the shadows look natural. The taller woman's suit has embellished folds on the left arm and both legs to achieve the focus and necessary level of detail. These details differ from the original but they are consistent with the instructions so I don't subtract points for them. However, the suit in this completion has two buttons missing, on the chest pocket and the bottom button, which affects the IC score. The background of the completion is mostly consistent with the original, but there are flaws. A faint glow is now visible at the top of the photograph which wasn't visible before. There is a new cobblestone texture on the stone wall to the left of the stone step. The rock wall to the left of the shorter woman has higher contrast than in the original. Most of these flaws are insignificant, and I would have scored the image a 7 for IC, but the missing buttons on the suit and problems with the rock wall in the background lower the score to a 6.

Q:
The visual quality of the edits are mostly excellent. The details added to the women's hair, faces, and clothes to accommodate the new focus are seamless, perfectly lit, and believable. The restoration of color to the purple shirt, blue skirt, and red suit was also excellently done. The black spot on the shorter woman's face was perfectly removed. However, the two white dots above and to the right of the tall woman's head are still present, the black and white dots on the purple shirt, while less noticeable, are still present.  The top of the fingers on the taller woman's left hand have a pixelated texture created by the changes that looks bad. Lastly, the branches behind and to the right of the taller woman have lost some detail. Overall, most of the problems are minor and the quality of the edits have drastically improved the appearance of the photograph. I would have scored it a 7 if not for the out of focus feet and the weird artifact on the fingers.

AI:
Nearly all of the edits appear natural. The details on the top of the shorter woman's head, the added shadows to the suit and skirt, the detail to both women's faces, the enhancements to the background all look believable. However, the bracelet on the shorter woman's left arm has an unnatural-looking shadow on the bottom edge, the taller woman's left eye has a small strand of hair that separated and fused with the top of her eyelid, her right eye has a small little bright spot underneath it, the right side of her smile has a slightly too large gap, and her suit has several new seams between the chest and bottom pockets that serve no discernable purpose. The background has flaws as well. Behind the women, to the left of the new cobblestone texture, where the bottom of the wall meets the tree, there is a slight spiral of pixels twisted together where the AI tried to add some detail but failed. Near the top of the rock wall on the left of the image, some green pixels from the tree have bled across into the stone. Most of these flaws are only visible on close inspection, but the issues with the bracelet and the eyes are very noticeable, so I score it a 3.