B:
IF:
The instructions were followed. Both the two girls and the group of people were removed. No edits that conflict with the prompt were made. 

IC:
There are several problematic changes in the background that conflict with the original photo and the internal consistency of the completion. First, the top of the railing on the left side of the walkway changes from being very straight to kind of curvy and up and down. Second, in the section of the railway directly above the woman's head, there is a second middle panel of metal in the railway that extends a few feet along the railway then abruptly stops. The bottom metal panel of the railway has disappeared entirely. The walkway has fully black rather than two tone like the unedited section, and the two or three sections of walkway that were added are all misaligned with one another. There is some green on the walkway, which looks like tree branches, and there is what looks like a long pink hose coming down from the zenith of the walkway and snaking down into the forest below. What looks like two bare and leafless tree trunks have been added behind/beside the bridge, which don't look like the rest of the trees in the photograph.

Edit:
The skill with which the edits were done is great. The lighting looks realistic, the textures look good, and the objects get progressively more blurred with distance from the camera.

AI-ness:
There are no obvious AI tells in the image. The changes to the walkway, while a little strange-looking, do not appear unnatural or impossible.

@Ben

I have a question about the IF rubric example from the Screener Study Guide. The prompt is "add a coffee cup to the table and brighten the lighting". The example rubric includes items that touch details of the implementation that are outside the prompt. Things like, "the cups size and position make sense with nearby objects", and "the background and layout remain consistent with the original". Given that last rubric item, I would have to penalize IF if elements in the background changed, but that is clearly an IC issue.

Is the rubric in the  example wrong? Should the rubric for the prompt just be
"Is there a coffee cup on the table?"
"Is the lighting brighter?"