Nightsky
"Transform the overcast sky into a dramatic starry night with the Milky Way galaxy stretching across the heavens, casting ethereal blue light on the snow-capped peaks while keeping the person silhouetted against this cosmic backdrop."


-The overcast sky was replaced with a night sky
-The night sky is starry
-starry night sky
-milky way galaxy stretching across the sky
-there is ethereal blue light on the peaks
-the man looks silhouetted

A
IF
the overcast sky was successfully transformed into a starry night
the milky way galaxy looks great, is truly stretching
the subject of the image is still lit like its daytime - bad!
there is ethereal blue light (like from an alien craft)
the person is sort of silhouetted, but the silhouette effect has been lost some - bad!

IC
Crushed it on IC
-the man's head is slightly lower on the back of his head
-there are one or two trees missing from the left peak
-The image is twice the size, though AR maintained

Quality
Everything looks excellent, except for two quality issues:
-The ethereal blue light is not spread evenly across the peaks like its coming from the sky, it's localized over a certain region of the peaks, like an alien craft is shining its blue gravitic engines down. Looks odd. 
-The rocks on the background mountain side are not the right color. They're lit like they have some daylight on them.  They've got their yellowish color.
-Maybe the mountainside under the blue light is a little too sharp? Should it be more out of focus?

AI-ness
The foreground lit like day and the background in night looks unnatural. The only way my brain can rationalize it is by thinking theres some kind of eclipse.

B
IF
the sky was changed to a starry night, thought less starry than A
the milky way galaxy is certainly stretching across the heavens
it doesn't appear to be casting ethereal light
The human isn't particularly silhouetted, but I like how in this one the galaxy is more directly aligned with the human vertical. It kind of draws your eye to the man in a way that doesn't happen in completion A, and does make him maybe look a little more dramatic.

IC
The entire generation appears to have lost some resolution. It wasn't created with perfect accuracy. The pixels are slightly stretched, blurred, etc. Reduced Image Quality.

Quality
The image looks slightly pixelated. If you look closely, pixels have shifted left and right all over the place, making things look a little off, a little blurry, a little less sharp. The resolution is the same, though.
The night sky that was added in obviously too low resolution. It looks even more blurry than the rest of the image.
It looks like maybe some ethereal glow was added to this one, but not enough. You can't really tell.

AI-ness
Nothing hear particularly looks like AI, but the sky being a different resolution than the rest of the image looks a little unnatural.